Halls of Colossus
You stand before the gigantic walls of the Halls of Colossus, built by 
giants in an age long past. The wind echoes mournfully through the empty 
battlements. Here lies the fourth piece of the Staff of Chaos...
#
Crypt of Hearts
The chill of death seems to touch your heart as you gaze upon the stone 
walls of the Crypt of Hearts. Above the entrance stands a grinning skull, 
a warning to those who would traverse the halls of the dead. You can sense 
the sixth piece of the Staff of Chaos, somewhere below...
#
Crystal Tower
The Crystal Tower dominates the area, rising like an accusatory finger 
pointing at the sky above. This bastion of sorcery seemingly transcends 
normal human conceptions, existing in many planes other than this. You 
can sense the fifth piece of the Staff of Chaos, somewhere above...
#
Dagoth-Ur
The sacred entrance of the Dwarven smiths into the fire mountain, Dagoth-Ur, 
stands before you. Magical runes glow in the red firelight, shimmering with 
heat. Sulphurous gouts of steam escape from vents within the rock face of
the opening. The final piece of the Staff of Chaos beckons...
#
Elden Grove
The small overgrown entrance to the Elden Grove stands before you, 
guarding secrets forgotten for ages. Somewhere within its misty corridors  
lies the third piece of the Staff of Chaos...
#
Fang Lair
You stand before the dragon gate of Fang Lair, humbled before its 
majesty. The Dwarven Hold seems abandoned long ago, its stone walls 
cracking with age and neglect. Somewhere within its dank depths lies 
the first piece of the Staff of Chaos...
#
Labyrinthian
Stubborn grass and roots stand in the stiff arctic clime, refusing to 
yield. Ahead of you stands the entrance to the Labyrinthian, testing 
ground of the Archmagus Shalidor. Within its twisted paths lies 
the second piece of the Staff of Chaos...
#
Murkwood
The mists of Murkwood, the Black Forest, swirl about. Inside the dark 
forest can be heard faint cries of despair, souls who have lost their way 
within its cunning web. Though the smell of decay flows from every tree and 
stone, within this forest lies the seventh piece of the Staff of Chaos...
#
